Anomalies (#17)
apitoolkit/apitoolkit-landing: content/blog/anomalies-and-data-validation/index.md

## What exactly is data validation? 

Data validation is simply defined as the process or set of processes of verifying and validating data before it is being made used of. All data task which involves data handling such as (collating, analyzing and structuring) for presentation purposes must include data validation. This is to ensure that accurate data results are been arrived at.  For any API project, data validation can though take time it is very important. 

## In a business setting, how is data validation used? 

In API projects, it is important to include data validation into the code process. Unless the Developer has complete trust in the integrity of the data, there is no assurance that when analysis is done, the end result would be accurate. It is important to mention that in API projects, API data are only as good because the output is as good as the input.  

## Anomaly Detection in API: What is Anomaly Detector? 

> An anomaly detector, "A.D", is an AI software service that uses API technology to help you monitor and detect anomalies in time series data of simple and complex systems without necessarily having background in machine learning. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An anomaly detector, "A.D", is a software system that helps monitor and detect anomalies in time series data of simple and complex systems. They or many not be created via machine learning, and could rely on simple statistical models or full blown deep learning neural networks.
```
